As long as you can calm down
I'll do anything.
This punishment is a bit heavy
Xue Lin, think twice
Your Highness, please don't treat yourself like this again
Clothes are wrinkled
Li Yuxuan, you are not angry with me anymore
Me and Gulina
His Highness will do great things in the future
Let alone three wives and four concubines
Even the three palaces and six courtyards will also be required in the future.
If I'm angry about this
Then I'm going to be pissed off
Allow it.
But if these little ones don't follow the rules
Then my scissors are not cutting rope.
Your Highness
The official letter is not as good as the order to persuade the general
OK
Send this letter
To whom?
Someone who can help me achieve great things